Push 1% beyond your limiting beliefs today and watch the impossible become the possible ❗️

Up early turning over rocks finding ways to win……

Just a squirrel trying to get a nut ❗️

Doubt your doubts ❗️
​​
Don’t confuse the peel for the fruit ❗️

Do something you're afraid of today and watch the impossible become the possible  ❗️

Love on your dreams today so they can love you back  ❗️

What would happen if you woke up today and realized that you’re already good enough to achieve all your desires?

Prepping tomorrow today…..

Turning over rocks…..

What would happen if you took your biggest personal paradigm and challenged it today ?

Instead of asking why did this happen ask what does this make possible…..

Don’t need much just an opportunity…..

W.I.N.: What’s Important Now ❗️

We’re held back in life not by what we don’t know, but by what we incorrectly believe to be true…………

Showing up when it’s hard…..

Loading…………………

Coming soon………….

We laughed it off but really took it personal………….

You were born to move the crowd, not cheer in it……………

Sink or swim……………..

Rolling the dice…………………..

The teacher is always silent during the test…………….

Up early thinking about what’s next…………………….

Fear and creativity can’t coexist………

If we make a mistake, we make it at 100mph……………

10,000 hours………………

Consistency is success………….

If you want to solve big problems, you have to be willing to take on the big problems…………….

Have no mercy when it’s your turn………

Putting in the work and not knowing when it’ll pay off…… we’ve been here before……

This road gets dark and lonely….. But we know what we signed up for……

HOPE: Hold On Pain Ends

You won’t reach your full potential until you start pursuing things you’re “unqualified” for!!!!

“So, surely with hardship comes ease”............

Heal in battle…………

The efforts will add up, just keep your head down and work…….

Time doesn’t heal all wounds. The work you put in does.

​​Someone took the circumstances you’re complaining about and won with them!!!!!!

Woke up encouraged!

Everything you want is on the other side of fear………

Work every day like you’re still fighting to make the team! One day contract!

Don’t give in, what you’re looking for exists…………

I love u - keep building ur shit

Old ways won’t open new doors………

“The seed is never seen. It works underneath the ground, is itself destroyed, and the tree which rises above the ground is alone seen.”

Do it now, the timing will never be just right ❗️

Heart on the sleeve……….

The goal isn’t to impress it’s to progress ❗️

Compete to eat ❗️

Find an excuse to win!

Your dreams are too realistic, make ‘em bigger…………

Used to stay safe now stay dangerous………

You don’t have to like it, you just have to do it………

Our disease is mind altering, but so is our recovery…….

MAKE them tell you no. Don’t tell yourself no, force someone else to tell you no. Waste their time. 

If you can’t summon up the courage to do something, summon up indifference - and do it

Are you willing to keep sprinting even when the distance is unknown………

It’s ok to not be ok! Just don’t give up!

Serenity is not freedom from the storm, but peace amidst the storm……..

Scaling the unscalable……..

Future bright but I see war in it………….

First of the first…………

Time is currency… are we paying the right things?

No job too big, no detail too small……….

Found my lane and fell in love with it……………

Head up chest poked out…….

Your passion is waiting for your courage to catch up………..

20 minutes of doing is more valuable than 20 hours of thinking……….

God’s got the wheel, but I got the pedal to the floor……

Once you carry your own water, you will learn the value of every drop………

I think about you, I use you as motivation………

The hungrier you are, the faster you win……

Don’t give up 5 minutes before the miracle happens………….

There’s no prize for most potential most talent or most pain endured, we still have to convert it to real world production…………

If they close the door on you we keep pushing onto the next like a Jehovah’s Witness…………

One “yes” can heal the 1000 “no”s……………

Opportunities multiply as they’re seized……..

Mending the past with the future…………..

Apply yourself to supply your wealth❗️

How many times was the answer yes, but we never dared to ask the question………

Dwell on the problem and the problem gets bigger… dwell on the solution and the solution gets bigger…

Delayed not denied……..

Esse quam videri: “to be, rather than to seem”

Your future needs you, your past doesn’t…..

Every day is an interview, and you never know who is watching………

Another day to get better ❗️

Beginner’s mindset 

You will have to endure the darkness to see the light .

You’re going to make mistakes. Just keep pushing forward and writing your story.

Procrastination is an avoidant response to our fears…what would your day look like today if fear wasn’t an option ?

Above all else, guard your heart, for everything you do flows from it. Proverbs 4:23

Mind over matter ; if I don’t mind it doesn’t matter ❗️❗️

“If it is humanly possible, consider it to be within your reach” - Marcus Aurelius

It doesn’t get lighter, you get stronger……….

You either quit or keep going. They both hurt………………

Jumping in the water is hard, but you only get wet once……

Avoidance validates our fears; action destroys them………..

Amateur performers procrastinate and overanalyze to avoid making mistakes. Great performers know that mistakes WILL be made and can be corrected

Opportunity will not knock, it’s on us to make the door…………….
